>> Sarah Drasner: There was a question
from the last section which was whether or
not you could nest grids
inside of each other.
You totally can.
It's actually a really good idea to,
especially if you can imagine,
let's say you have a layout that's a kind
of interesting dynamic composition but
in one of those areas you have a grid
of photos or something like that.
That's totally a great
time to use a nested grid.
Just like I mentioned you can
put Flex Box inside a grid,
you can also put grid inside of grid.
I would say that if you can try to draw,
unless it's a situation where you have
these kind of clearly defined reasons why,
you maybe should try to make one
layout with one grid first for
the reason that as a maintainer, looking
at nested grids might be a little bit
complicated, especially as
you're diving into the code.
So always having a mind towards
you maintaining your code or
someone else maintaining your code.
What makes logical sense
since you're looking at them.
And certainly you can
document in other ways.
But it's just a good thing to keep in
consideration how you're gonna update it
in the future.
What happens to that
grid when people change
the rules on you when people decide
that they need to change the design.
Is it easy to update or
does it become really unwieldy?
And there's definitely points where
a nested grid would actually keep it from
being unwieldy too, right?
There are times when that would
make a lot more sense, so
just keeping those things in mind.
Cool.